README.md, before:

# Outdoorsy
This is a mock project for the actual CLI gem project. My idea is to create a gem that scrapes the latest training article data from bodybuilding.com and provides end-users the list of article from which they can access training instructions.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'outdoorsy'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install outdoorsy

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'kriti-rai'/outdoorsy. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Outdoorsy project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'kriti-rai'/outdoorsy/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Changed intro title to swole-news. Edited the intro alongside the website URL. Edited line 10 to match the changed name for the gem.

README.md, after:

# Outdoorsy
The swole-news CLI gem scrapes the latest training articles from www.bodybuilding.com and provides end-users with the list of articles from which they can access specific workouts.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'swole-news'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install swole-news

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'kriti-rai'/outdoorsy. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Outdoorsy project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'kriti-rai'/outdoorsy/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
